[Music]
what will happen to your body if you eat
an avocado every day the avocado is a
unique fruit with multiple nutritional
benefits numerous studies continue to
show its incredible effects on our
appearance and health so what if you ate
just one avocado a day
how would your body respond and with the
results really be that amazing we'll
answer all those questions and more in
this video so keep watching but before
we get into all the details don't forget
to subscribe to our Channel and turn on
notifications now you won't miss a thing
[Music]
number 9 your breath will be fresh at
all times the primary cause of bad
breath is indigestion and an upset
stomach but there will be no more of
that once you make an avocado part of
your daily menu this fruit has
antibacterial and antioxidant flavonoids
which kill bacteria in your mouth and
make your breath fresh it's so good at
doing its job that it may even prevent
oral cancer yes you heard us correctly
scientists from Ohio State University
conducted a study and it showed that
nutrients from Hass avocados can thwart
oral cancer cells not only killing them
but also preventing precancerous cells
from developing into full cancers so we
suggest it's time to throw your breath
freshener away and replace it with a
delicious avocado number 8 your kidneys
will work more efficiently there's a
miraculous mineral to be found in
avocados potassium remember its name
we'll talk about it a bit later anyway
potassium helps your system keep a
healthy fluid balance through chemical
channels for cells and organs a good
fluid balance allows your kidneys to
function better
that's why avocados are highly
recommended for patients with kidney
disease but there's one small exception
if you suffer from hyper potus emia you
should stay as far away from avocados as
you possibly can
the high amount of potassium contained
in this fruit is dangerous for you and
can lead to all kinds of unnecessary
health problems if you don't have this
condition but are still doubtful as to
whether you should add avocado to your
diet or not consult your doctor to get
the whole picture and find out all the
details number seven your cholesterol
and triglyceride levels will decrease
high cholesterol or triglycerides levels
are never good but what matters most is
that cholesterol and triglyceride
markers are linked to increased risk of
heart disease not exactly good news
right but that's when avocados come to
the rescue once again there are two
types of cholesterol low-density
lipoprotein or LDL which can form
plaques in your arteries and high
density lipoprotein or HDL which behaves
way better in your system by
transporting excess cholesterol to your
liver which later removes it from your
body specialists from Mexico conducted a
study that showed how eating avocados
regularly lowers the bad LDL cholesterol
and blood triglycerides by up to 22% and
increases the good HDL cholesterol by up
to 11% just one more reason to fall in
love with avocados number six your liver
will function more efficiently health
concerns regarding the liver can be hard
to solve but let's be real nothing is
impossible for avocados this fruit is
actually one of the best products for a
liver friendly diet and that's all
thanks to its ability to help your body
produce glutathione the liver
desperately craves this antioxidant to
filter out harmful substances and
protects itself from damage avocados
also contain vitamin C and E a powerful
combination that can neutralize free
radicals in no time protecting your
liver even more vitamin E can also team
up with vitamin K also found in avocados
to quell cellular inflammation so one
small avocado can truly be your livers
protector against the surprisingly wide
variety of conditions and all things
evil a true jack-of-all-trades of the
fruit world
number five your blood pressure will
become lower if you suffer from high
blood pressure
avocados should be your best friends at
all times remember the potassium that we
talked about earlier its ability to
regulate the fluid balance benefits your
blood pressure too in this case
potassium prevents osteoporosis and most
importantly lowers your blood pressure
this was confirmed by many studies
including one conducted by the
department of physiological sciences at
the federal University of espírito Santo
in Vitoria Brazil the final results were
quite impressive
people who consumed mostly potassium
rich foods had systolic blood pressure
that was 6 mm Hg lower and diastolic
blood pressure that was 4 mm Hg lower so
if you're still looking for menu changes
that might lower your blood pressure
avocados should be at the top of your
list number 4 your vision will improve
your eye health is closely connected to
your overall well-being which in turn
significantly depends on what you eat
and out of all the products available
your eyes will certainly appreciate the
inclusion of avocados in your daily food
intake
the thing is avocados are high in
antioxidants especially carotenoids
called lutein and zeaxanthin which
protect our eyes against harmful blue
light a study conducted by specialists
from China stated that the intake of
these carotenoids is proportional to
their levels in the retinas so the more
lutein and zeaxanthin rich foods you eat
the healthier you're redness will be
French and English scientists also
stated that lutein and zeaxanthin
reduced the risk of cataracts and
macular degeneration seriously is there
anything avocados can't do
number three you'll have extra
protection from cancer the ability of
avocados to give that extra bit of
protection from cancer comes from the
carotenoids and monounsaturated fat they
contain both of which make their own
contribution to the impressive reduction
of cancer including breast cancer and
prostate cancer numerous studies
conducted by specialists all over the
world showed that avocados organic
compounds caused cancerous cells to
undergo apoptosis or to put it simply
automatic cell death quite a result for
a simple fruit right although there is
still much research being conducted in
the hope of determining the other cancer
types and avocados can help their
positive effects on the system remain
undeniable number two you'll lose weight
apart from all the other components and
elements avocados are rich in fiber
which is essential for making those
unwanted pounds disappear fiber is
incredibly filling and digests slowly
the Dietary Guidelines for Americans
state that women should eat at least
zero point eight ounces of fiber every
day an appropriate dose for men is one
point two six ounces and the most
amazing thing is that you don't have to
make any other changes to your diet the
daily consumption of fiber will do the
trick for you if you want to achieve a
stronger effect eat other fiber rich
foods such as apples green beans sweet
potatoes and strawberries as well or you
can simply combine your daily avocado
consumption with exercising it's not the
easiest path true but the final results
will definitely astonish you number one
your skin will get a beautiful glow
avocados can work their magic post from
the inside and on the outside they
frequently become part of natural
homemade remedies as well as expensive
and luxury cosmetics and their in
side-effects are truly glorious as you
already know avocados are a great source
of vitamin C and
vitamin C is known for its involvement
in the creation of collagen and elastin
which help to maintain the skin's
elasticity and firmness vitamin E takes
it to a whole new level reducing the
damage of excessive sun exposure and
counteracting aging avocados are also
rich in omega 9 fatty acids and they're
crucial for maintaining moisture in the
epidermis and regenerating epidermal
cells as a result your skin becomes soft
and any irritations and redness are
quickly reduced so what are you waiting
for we don't know about you but we're
definitely going to pick up some
avocados now there are way too many
benefits to miss out on and what about
you do you like avocados how often do
you eat them tell us in the comments
below don't forget to give us a like and
click subscribe to stay on the bright
side of life
you